esktop Mockups
Expain your design decisions and what changes you made to the original wireframe. You may choose to include an image of the original wireframe as a comparison.
Heather Kurth
Coyote campground
Key Task, reserve a campsite

    The changes I made to the original desktop mockup include decreasing the amount of text content and focusing action items.
I included less content on the homepage, as we learned that people don't really read that much of the text anyways.
The text I did include gave the most compelling reasons to buy the product.  The action item, the large reserve pawprint button,
is colored in orange and located directly in front on the home page and mobile mockup.  This icon is then repeated for every action/submission
button in the next pages. It is also used as a progress indicator telling the user what step of the process they are on.
I really wanted to create a neat progress bar with footprints being filled in as the user progressed, but after going down hours
 worth of figma wormholes I had to abandon that idea.
After thinking about it some more, I probably could have included some more whitespace in the design,
but at the time, those areas just seemed so empty that i added the events and campground map to the homepage.
  I also added some compelling photos that extend below the fold to entice users to scroll down, but now that i think about it,
there really isn't a compelling reason to go that far down because all the really important content is above the fold anyways.

    This design should meet the user goals of having a simple straight-forward path to getting a campsite.
    Some of the frustrations noted by the users were:
        -too much text
        -disorganization, lack of clarity
        -lack of maps
        -wasted time
    I addressed these issues by trying to create an easy to understand process; pick by date, or by site, and see what's available.
    I got rid of huge blocks of text, I added maps for users to explore all the different activities and areas. There are links to local activities and enrichments
    to meet the user goals of connecting with nature, making great memories, and just generally relaxing.
          I think that my design and colors lead to a relaxed, unassuming feel; not too 'techy' and not too 'chic'.  While the design may not appeal as much to the young and hip crowd,
    it's my feeling that camping transcends all those notions.  I wanted natural colors, greens, beige, and an orange color for contrast.  I wanted to get some rustic wood imagery into the design,
    which was harder than i thought due to scaling and pixelation, and copyrights.  Of course i needed coyote imagery, so there is a logo of a howling coyote.  That image evokes solitude, maybe even a
    bit of loneliness, which may appeal to user goals of taking a break, relaxing.

    The mobile version was altered by including a pullout 'drawer' for main navigation links, as well as 3 useful and easy to reach and press buttons on the bottom.
    The call to action, reservation pawprint button is front and center and large, recognizable from the home page.
    There is a button for logging in with a fingerprint, which is a great and easy way for mobile users to quickly and efficiently check their accounts.
    There is a button for google maps, which is a likely need for mobile users, as well as a call button to easily connect with the campground while on the road.
    The navigation drawer can be pulled out by grabbing or swiping the hand to reveal all of the main navigation.  All of these actions should be easily accessible by thumb.

    Overall, I would have done it differently knowing what i know now about how figma works.  But that's the point I guess.
    Forgive formatting on this text, all I have is text editor.
